(See also filter.pl.) I ignore advmod although it is in theory a
legitimate candidate. In practice, we often get sentential or
manner adverbs that would hardly trigger gapping: stále, většinou,
obvykle, spíš, zatím, jen, také, opět, zvlášť, dost, dosud, vůbec,
ani.

For two objects (or iobjects) we should also require that they have
the same morphological case. At the moment I approximate it in
filter.pl be requiring that the same cases are available under both
verbs.

Maybe we should avoid the verb "být" even if not marked as copula.
Although there would be legitimate examples even with copula ("on
je chytrý doma, ona ve škole").

It sounds strange if there are three conjoined clauses, second
predicate is not elided, third is.

Word order and clitics play a role in whether gapping sounds
plausible.

There should not be too many (how many?) words between the two
verbs. Otherwise gapping is unnatural because the speaker and the
listener would forget what the first predicate was.

It sounds strange if the second sentence promotes the subject
"což". Or not just subject. Also object "jemuž". Should we change
it to "ostatní" or something?

Strange: the elided predicate is in tighter coordination with
another verb, they share the arguments. They both should be elided
otherwise it sounds weird: C1, hnutí Duha postaví (tohle ven) a
bude provozovat (tohle zůstalo) stánek, ...

Coordinate relative clause ("který/nsubj ... a který/nsubj ...)
Nothing reasonable can be constructed from this, we have to drop
the sentence. Also, look for LEMMA "který" because the actual form
can be in other genders or numbers ("která", "které", ...)
